java cACCY801 Project Report 
Guidelines 1- 	Select 2 Public listed companies of your choice (from any sector/industry for example, Real Estate, Construction, Industrials or Services sector etc.) with financial statements data available for the years 2019 to 2023.2- Analyse, assess and highlight the market and financial position of your company. Conduct S.W.O.T analysis for the company highlighting main financial and market strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats.3- You are required to review the financial statements and collect all relevant and available data.4- Trend analysis is an aspect of financial analysis that tries to predict the future movement based on past data. Trend analysis is based on the idea that what has happened in the past gives traders an idea of what will happen in the future. For this purpose, the following data for your selected company and its benchmark are to be enclosed and analysed as part of your ratio analysis for the years  2019 to 2023:1 Total Assets 9 Earnings Per Share (EPS) 2 Total Owners’ Equity 10 Dividends Per Share (DPS) 3 Total Liabilities 11 Total Sales (or Total Revenues) 4 Return on Assets (ROA) 12 Net Operating Profits (Profit for the year) 5 Return on Equity (ROE) 13 Retained Earnings 6 Operating Cash Flows 14 Debt Ratio (Financial Leverage) 7 Investing Cash Flows 15 Net Working Capital 8 Financing Cash Flows 16 Assets Turnover 5- Your report should include the following elements:a. Introduction and overview of the company (2-3 pages).b. Comparative cross-sectional and Industrial analysis, which should include:i. Horizontal analysis tables of the financial statements for the years 2022  2023 – Main Company.ii. Trend Analysis and relevant c代 写ACCY801 Project ReportJava
代做程序编程语言harts for the years 2019 to 2023 – Main Company and Benchmarkiii. Vertical analysis tables of the financial statements used for the year 2023 – Main Companyiv. Financial Ratios(2022  2023)–Main Company  Benchmark1- Liquidity analysis (Net Working Capital; Current Ratio)2- Activity analysis (Inventory Turnover; Receivables Turnover; Payables turnover; Assets turnover)3- Solvency and Debt Management (Debt Ratio; Times Interest Earned Ratio)4- Profitability analysis (ROA; ROE; EPS)c. Conclusion and suggestions.6- Project report’s format guidelines are mentioned below.The report should not be more than 20 pages long, be of A4 size, with the suggested following layout: (i) top margin 2.5 cm; bottom margin 2.5 cm; left margin 3.5 cm; and right margin 2.5 cm. (ii) Papers must be written for compatibility with: Word for Windows; with the suggested font and format attributes: Arial font, size 12; single line spacing paragraph; and justify alignment. The page numbers have to be centred at the bottom of the page.7- Note: Submit your project as per the guidelines mentioned below:1. Attach on top of the project a complete cover sheet (with you name and student ID number)2. Submit your project with the all attachments onto Turnitin through Moodle. A Moodle linkwill be provided later to upload the project.Marking Scheme Report format and Originality 10% Report Content and Clarity 15% Company Profile and SWOT 15% Horizontal and Vertical (Common Size) Analysis 15% Trend and Ratio Analysis: Profitability Analysis; Liquidity Analysis; Activity or Management Effectiveness; and Debt Management (Solvency) Analysis. 25% Conclusions and Recommendations 20% Total 100% 

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
